ah Benish wast you are here the the
reason that you come here every year for
the first episode of the year is because
it is tradition for your television show
to have its season premiere on the
Sunday following our first episode of
the year that's it they know when comedy
bang bang is gonna start and then that's
when they pay me a wrench to turn around
that yes so fantastic so people can
watch Comedy Central this Sunday right
stop right there you messed up no
worries it's Showtime networks and the
Joe show yeah it's not a network that's
a thing you say to people that's when
they're about to start a show that's
funny people say that but also it
happens to be a channel as well so like
Showtime at 10:00 p.m. on Sundays is my
show
okay let me stop you okay because many
times you mess up the third word in the
title this time I'm gonna get it right
because it's house of pies no no no no I
mess it up and call it house pies it's
called House of Lies so no I'm pretty
sure I'm right I'm almost I do the show
this is my third year doing the
television yeah but this is my third
year having you on the show
talking about it you're incorrect I can
swear you're incorrect it's called how
to apply Oh we've school has a lot who
said it yes and henceforth and forever
board shall be called Bugs Bunny to me
somehow look at you got me the Bugs
Bunny Luke I love it and when house of
pies is on this Sunday and every Sunday
you go to the house of pies here in Los
Angeles
don't go to house people buy you a slice
of pie it's not a guest star my favorite
slice of shop channel then you will kiss
them on the mouth this is everything you
said was untrue if you want to watch
House of Lies it's on Showtime right
that's a channel or shows how mine
domain afterwards and it's on at 10:00
p.m. on Sundays after house of pies
channel that's not a channel you know
that's not a channel now you're acting
stupid you know that's not a channel
there's no way there's a channel devoted
to just the restaurant house of pies you
know your show house of pies no lies how
they put them over and over in like a
marathon tell me what I can do you have
to make it easier for you to remember
just here no problem you say at this
point no no you're wrong though I'm
gonna say what it is okay and you just
repeat after me okay here we go house of
pies pies stop yep
okay well you're not gonna get the P
Theory there I'm just thinking a pice
already
l-o-l for the way you look at me
great I is for the second letter in
house of pies no lies it's lies I don't
know how to get it to you okay no I
don't know but I'm yeah I'm pretty sure
I know this and there's no problem name
any character in House of Lies
well there's your character Benny choise
pitch me on supplies actually I wanna
hear how's the buzz Benny troz what's
the story about any sauce he grew up he
he was a convict convict um he
accidentally pushed his wife down the
stairs when they were having an argument
about her cheating on him oh my god and
he pushed her down the stairs
was she cheating on him do we find us
yeah she laughed about it and he got so
upset about it he pushed her
quote-unquote accidentally yeah exactly
he went to prison for many years okay he
then went into the hospital to get his
he had his appendix out and he was on
the second floor of the hospital when
when when what happened when he jumped
out the window to get away from the
guard broke his leg got it he then found
a woman in a department store who who
was very lonely we're going a very long
way to get to this title but keep going
here we go
she's very lonely she has a son who
misses his father okay and she's a
single mother and he approaches them in
this department store and hits up the
son for a ride
forces a logline this is what's on the
poster does that know this is the poster
and a log oh yeah of course yeah people
like to read posters to see what okay
young sir about this is a very long
worded okay heroes takes the woman and
her son take him home back to the house
and where he hides out from the cops and
he teaches them how to make pies
henceforth it is called a house of pot
and does any other episode deal with
that pies are mostly they come every
episode for every second of every
episode of deals with pies this is our
back story they talk about while they're
making a pie so it's kind of like duck
dynasty with pies yeah I don't know what
duck dynasty is so the it's fantastic
and Betty choise is the main character
ready for us and it's played by Ben
Schwartz yeah
of course school and it's a great show
and other people are in it and people
should check it out cool it's fantastic
but if you wanna watch a real television
show hassle eyes it's gonna be in
Sundays or if you want to watch house
all eyes live it's on Showtime anytime
house of pies live what does house of
house of pies pie what is that House of
Lies live is an improv long-form improv
show I put together which is the main
forecast of housewives who do you
consider to be Mennonite tell you no
matter what I say you're gonna say
they're not in the show and you're gonna
make up fake names like no I know you're
gonna say you're some of that pond Pele
okay member that is a fake okay so the
other people in the show or Don Cheadle
Kristen Bell Josh that's a thing you
ring it's not my god Josh Lawson yeah
well but now Josh Lawson is made up you
are making know these are real I swear
did Lauren lapkus to the Riu Jean
Cordero and Ryan Gaul are all in this
special Gosselin Ryan Gaul and so it's a
30 minute special we did for a Showtime
very excited i exactly produced it and
work really hard and i hope people dig
it cuz if it works we get to do more
alternative alternative comedy I'll turn
akame on TV so you are this already came
out though right or is it still
rerunning this will be on Showtime
anytime Showtime item in right now and
probably on the internet but I think
it'll be an MT I think it'd be like a
empty a tv-14 version so everything will
be bleeped out so go on they go on the
TV or stuff like that and start to love
long-form improv and do it in whatever
city you're in and stuff like that go to
TV if you have a TV go to TV it's not TV
it's HBO well it's not HBO it's showtime
brace it's not HBO either but it's not
TV well it's Showtime
I guess so brace yourself okay and that
must must be a thrill to be on a show
that is now and it's how many seasons
have you done 25 right three it's three
close you're close it's three this would
be our third season and a lots happening
a lots happening buddy
what does Benny choise up to this year
buddy choise is not in the show I play a
character named clyde oberholt and i
have been ostracized from the company I
blew up the company at the end of last
year yeah no why would you do something
like it gets very dark Scott I get very
dark this year I don't understand really
why would you do that you're such a nice
guy I'm gonna give you the answer you
want to hear because they didn't have
the pie I wanted okay
is that what you want to hear do you
like it when people write to you on
Twitter and talk about your show house
of pies
by the way because of the show and now
because of Ferguson you guys all you do
is call it house of pies and I get more
tweets about house of pies than I do
House of Lies and I will say this many
people will get annoyed by it I love it
you love it but I do paying attention it
also means that people are listening to
comedy bang bang and watching comedy
boom bang Peary's